.\" live-debconfig(7) - System Configuration Components
.\" Copyright (C) 2006-2014 Daniel Baumann <mail@daniel-baumann.ch>
.\"
.\" This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details see COPYING.
.\" This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it
.\" under certain conditions; see COPYING for details.
.\"
.\"
.TH LIVE\-DEBCONFIG 7 2014\-07\-22 4.0~alpha35-1 "Live Systems Project"

.SH NAME
\fBlive\-debconfig\fR \- System Configuration Components

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBlive\-debconfig\fR contains the components that configure a Live system during the build process (live\-build).

.SH COMPONENTS
\fBlive\-debconfig\fR currently features the following components in /lib/live/debconfig.

.IP "\fBhostname\fR" 4
sets the systems hostname (/etc/hostname), see \fIlive\-debconfig_hostname\fR(5).
.IP "\fBifupdown\fR" 4
configures the systems network settings (/etc/network/interfaces, /etc/resolv.conf, /etc/hosts), see \fIlive\-debconfig_ifupdown\fR(5).
.IP "\fBsysvinit\fR" 4
configures the systems type for Linux Containers, LXC (/etc/inittab) and disables some services not needed for LXC, see \fIlive\-debconfig_sysvinit\fR(5).
.IP "\fButil\-linux\fR" 4
configure the access to the hardware clock (/etc/default/hwclock), see \fIlive\-debconfig_util\-linux\fR(5).
.IP "\fBselinux\fR" 4
enables or disables selinux (/selinux), see \fIlive\-debconfig_selinux\fR(5).
.IP "\fBopenssh\-server\fR" 4
recreates openssh-server host keys (/etc/ssh/ssh_host_key*), see \fIlive\-debconfig_openssh\-server\fR(5).

.SH TOOLS
\fBlive\-debconfig\fR currently features the following additional tools.

.IP "\fBlive\-debconfig\-get\-selections\fR" 4
outputs contents of the live\-debconfig(7) debconf database.
.IP "\fBlive\-debconfig\-set\-selections\fR" 4
inserts new values into the live\-debconfig(7) debconf database.

.SH FILES
.IP "\fB/etc/live/debconfig.conf\fR" 4
.IP "\fB/etc/live/debconfig/*\fR" 4
.IP "\fB/lib/live/debconfig.sh\fR" 4
.IP "\fB/lib/live/debconfig/\fR" 4
.IP "\fB/var/lib/live/debconfig/\fR" 4
.IP "\fB/var/lib/live/debconfig/preseed/\fR" 4
.IP "\fB/var/log/live/debconfig.log\fR" 4

.SH SEE ALSO
\fIlive\-boot\fR(7)
.PP
\fIlive\-build\fR(7)
.PP
\fIlive\-config\fR(7)
.PP
\fIlive\-tools\fR(7)

.SH HOMEPAGE
More information about live\-debconfig and the Live Systems project can be found on the homepage at <\fIhttp://live-systems.org/\fR> and in the manual at <\fIhttp://live-systems.org/manual/\fR>.

.SH BUGS
Bugs can be reported by submitting a bugreport for the live\-debconfig package in the Bug Tracking System at <\fIhttp://bugs.debian.org/\fR> or by writing a mail to the Live Systems mailing list at <\fIdebian\-live@lists.debian.org\fR>.

.SH AUTHOR
live\-debconfig was written by Daniel Baumann <\fImail@daniel-baumann.ch\fR>.
