.\" live-debconfig(7) - System Configuration Components
.\" Copyright (C) 2006-2014 Daniel Baumann <mail@daniel-baumann.ch>
.\"
.\" This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details see COPYING.
.\" This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it
.\" under certain conditions; see COPYING for details.
.\"
.\"
.TH LIVE\-DEBCONFIG 5 2014\-07\-22 4.0~alpha35-1 "Live Systems Project"

.SH NAME
\fBlive\-debconfig\fR \- hostname component

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBlive\-debconfig\fR contains the components that configure a Live system during the build process (live\-build).
.PP
This component sets the systems hostname in the /etc/hostname file.

.SH PRESEEDING
The hostname component currently features the following preseeding options.

.IP "\fBlive-debconfig live-debconfig/hostname/hostname string\fR \fIHOSTNAME\fR" 8
Allows to set the hostname of the system.
.br

.br
If no value is preseeded, a suitable default is being suggested in a debconf prompt. If no value is entered in the debconf prompt, the default value is being used. The default value is determined automatically:
.br

.br
  1. \fIHOSTNAME\fR is set to the string in the /etc/hostname file, if existing and non-empty.
.br

.br
  2. \fIHOSTNAME\fR is set to the distributor's ID as in the /etc/os-release file, if existing and non-empty.
.br

.br
  3. \fIHOSTNAME\fR is set to the distributor's ID as in the \fIlsb_release\fR(1) program, if installed and non-empty.
.br

.br
  4. \fIHOSTNAME\fR is set to \fBprogress\-linux\fR if the /etc/progress\-linux_version file is existing.
.br

.br
  5. \fIHOSTNAME\fR is set to \fBdebian\fR as a fallback.
.br

.br
\fBWarning:\fR the new hostname will be set in the /etc/hostname file, overwriting any previous content without prior prompt or backup.
.br

.SH SEE ALSO
\fIlive\-boot\fR(7)
.PP
\fIlive\-build\fR(7)
.PP
\fIlive\-config\fR(7)
.PP
\fIlive\-debconfig\fR(7)
.PP
\fIlive\-tools\fR(7)

.SH HOMEPAGE
More information about live\-debconfig and the Live Systems project can be found on the homepage at <\fIhttp://live-systems.org/\fR> and in the manual at <\fIhttp://live-systems.org/manual/\fR>.

.SH BUGS
Bugs can be reported by submitting a bugreport for the live\-debconfig package in the Bug Tracking System at <\fIhttp://bugs.debian.org/\fR> or by writing a mail to the Live Systems mailing list at <\fIdebian\-live@lists.debian.org\fR>.

.SH AUTHOR
live\-debconfig was written by Daniel Baumann <\fImail@daniel-baumann.ch\fR>.
